README.md, before:

# Fresh
### By Ian Agpawa
##### This repo is for a movie trailer website of my favorite movies and shows.  The OMBDb API is utilized to the obtained movie and show info.    


### Quick Start
-Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/TheArtilect/movie-trailer.git`


You can run the app by either opening the `fresh.html` file with your browser or by executing `python movie_list.py` in the terminal while in the project directory.  Executing the python command will overwrite the `fresh.html` file if there are any changes made in either the `movie_list.py` file or `fresh.py` file.


### What's included
Within the project folder, you will find the following files:

```
movie-trailer/
   ├── fresh.html
   ├── fresh.py
   ├── fresh.pyc
   ├── movie_list.py
   ├── movie_search.py
   ├── movie_search.pyc
   ├── movie.pyc
   ├── README.md
   ├── video.py
   ├── video.pyc
   ├── visual.py
   └── visual.pyc
```

## Creator

**Ian Agpawa**

[Portfolio](https://ian-agpawa.herokuapp.com)

[Github](https://github.com/TheArtilect)

 agpawaji@gmail.com

Commit message:

docs: Updated readme, nanodegree name, and github link

README.md, after:

# Fresh

##### This repo is for a movie trailer project from Udacity's Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree.  The OMBDb API is utilized to the obtained movie and show info.    


### Quick Start
-Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/ianagpawa/movie-trailer.git`


You can run the app by either opening the `fresh.html` file with your browser or by executing `python movie_list.py` in the terminal while in the project directory.  Executing the python command will overwrite the `fresh.html` file if there are any changes made in either the `movie_list.py` file or `fresh.py` file.


### What's included
Within the project folder, you will find the following files:

```
movie-trailer/
   ├── fresh.html
   ├── fresh.py
   ├── fresh.pyc
   ├── movie_list.py
   ├── movie_search.py
   ├── movie_search.pyc
   ├── movie.pyc
   ├── README.md
   ├── video.py
   ├── video.pyc
   ├── visual.py
   └── visual.pyc
```

## Creator

**Ian Agpawa**

[Github](https://github.com/ianagpawa)

 agpawaji@gmail.com
